Add `dry_run` option to the accessibility scanner (#232)
github/accessibility-scanner: FAQ.md

it's already seen, so it may reopen issues that were previously tracked or
closed.

### How can I preview what the scanner would do without filing issues?

Set the `dry_run` input to `true`. The scanner will run a normal scan and log the

> issues it _would_ open, reopen, or close — but it won't create, close, reopen, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
issues it _would_ open, reopen, or close — but it won't actually mutate any data or write to the `gh-cache` branch
```
